Bzzzzt!
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological.
It's a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I haven't had this much important stuff to say very quickly in a very long time.
There's been something that's been stuck in the back of my head every day, over and over and over again.
There's just been something that smelled bad, something that didn't feel right.
I didn't understand something.
And you know if you've been here for a while that that's the whole reason why this show exists because I am a former academic biologist that has
been trying to recover his understanding of reality, his connection to the world that I used to know as a kid.
And it's because of social media, I think, that we got here.
I think we got to get our kids off of it.
Brian.
he was neurologically damaged, conditioned, and conditioned.
We will not call it autism.
This is so important that they also use pandemics and gain-of-function and people on the internet talking about those myths in order to accomplish the same ends.
This is a long-term plan, ladies and gentlemen, and the free cheese on social media is just a part of that, a cog in that wheel.
The illusion of AI solving protein folding is part of that illusion.
This is the biology that these people will ignore as long as possible.
And so thank you very much for being here.
If you're following me, you better damn well be following Mark Housatonic live at housatonicits.com.
His stuff on history and on the archiving of how this web of nukes and radiation and mutation and biology and everything is woven together is so important.
And of course, this substack is one that I'm going to promote a lot because I really think this is a substack that demonstrates that there was a population pyramid problem.
And there were a few places in the world that that problem was solved using murder and lies.
And then they called it a pandemic, told the rest of the world that something terrible was happening.
And I think the truth is the only thing that's going to set us free.
I'm really excited about being here.
I'm really excited that you're joining me.
It's the June 18th, 2025.
And that sounds like I'm reading a novel, but it's actually the truth.
It's actually real life.
This is a stream coming to you live out of the great state of Pennsylvania, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from the United States of America.
you've been here for a while you're here at the top of the wave if not you might be a skilled social media user in that case you need to learn how to stay focused on the biology you need to not take their bait in that social media and you need to start learning to love your neighbor even know who the hell they are because it's not the people on social media the way this works
is that there are about 110 people supporting this stream in small ways and big ways.
That's what keeps the wheels turning.
And other than that, it is the love of a family of five that keeps this man working.
I am a proud papa and a humble husband.
And my name is Jonathan Cooley.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, as I said.
I am a recovering academician.
You can find the stain of that work
on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed.
You can also find the obfuscated version of my more recent work on a substack called Woodhouse 76, where a trader by the name of Jessica Hockett, who apparently operates out of Chicago, Illinois, has taken what she can from my work and represented it as her own.
She's one of the worst Americans currently alive on social media.
There are also some meddlers from other countries that she's worked with that are loosely associated with the groups Panda and Heart.
I used to be a staff scientist under Brian Hooker at Children's Health Defense, fired by Mary Holland for talking about Robert Malone, the same guy that Jay Bhattacharya asked me three times in person not to talk about anymore.
And the guy that I got removed from the reading list of Wuhan Cover-Up while it was still being written, but ultimately he's on the back saying it's a great book.
And I'm in the list of acknowledgements as one of the great experts in that book.
So I pulled my head out quick enough that I can be here and be delivering this stream to you while at the same time, unfortunately for them, I'm listed in that book, quoted in that book.
And a lot of the stuff that I put in that book actually doesn't help them.
Ladies and gentlemen, you can find the place and the evidence of my naivety on JC on a Bike.
It's kind of a historical document of how I stumbled into this mess.
You can also see these live streams now on JC in the Woods, because I'm using that because they don't know where that is.
They're not paying any attention to that.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
If you want to support this work after you see it, please go to gigalombiological.com.
And tomorrow, not today because I didn't have enough time to do it, tomorrow at the link stuff you will be able to find a lot of what we're talking about today and more.
As well as the links that I... I don't know if I'm gonna be able to drop them in.
I gotta be quick.
I gotta be out by 12.50.
That gives me about 50 minutes to pull this off.
It's not gonna be easy.
But what we do here is not easy.
What we do here, producing a show every day...
With the help of myself and me and myself and I and some advisors that send me texts or call me, it's a lot of work.
It's a lot of reading and it's a lot of putting yourself out on the line for five years, risking everything.
And instead of finding myself dead,
Literally, I find myself dead figuratively.
And so thank you very much for having the wherewithal to find yourself here at the stream.
I don't know why.
Oh yeah, that's supposed to do this.
That's right.
Then this goes up and that goes down.
I'm still working on this little, how I'm gonna transition into my sitting position over here at the desk.
Without having to, see now you can hear that click, and then it doesn't sound that, it's not that cool.
Um, if I'm not, then that's supposed to go at the same time as this, if I click the right buttons, because then it'll open as this door slides.
I don't know, it's hard.
Um, ah, shoot.
So I see my, I put my basketball ponytail in a little early, I apologize.
Now you know why that,
that little Indian of mine makes so much sense in my head it probably didn't make any sense to you until you see it now but when I shoot around in the basketball court it's nicer to have the ponytail higher because it doesn't flap around as much and it's less likely to come out because if it comes out then you have a ponytail it's like whacking you in the face and stuff.
I could get a haircut too of course but then I wouldn't be able to use Chief Woohoo as my Indian anymore at least
I'm going to go until this gets another inch back or so, then maybe I'll be forced to change Chief Woohoo to a bald guy.
Anyway, enough self-deprecation.
I want to just start out very quickly by explaining where we are again.
explaining where we are again, and trying to add some nuance to what I often portray as extreme certainty, when in reality, it took a lot of work and a lot of double-checking and a lot of learning and a lot of scholarship to get where I am to be able to say things as simply as, you know, endemicity as a concept and an endpoint is a mythology.
That's a pretty magnificent statement that no other biologist on earth has ever made.
Think about how significant that is.
That puts me in some pretty interesting, interesting and an interesting position.
Just like no other biologist that I know of has ever dared to say that intramuscular injection is not medicine.
It's dumb.
Nobody,
The last person who said it, and as far as I can tell, is a person by the name of Eustace Millins who wrote a book in 1988 that's titled Murder by Injection.
I think she's kind of implying that.
But I'm talking about our contemporaries.
I'm talking about the contemporaries that are supposedly, supposedly fighting for our health, freedom, and fighting against the vaccine something, mandate, or I don't know what.
And once you realize that that whole concept is fraudulent because they don't have an alternative biological model for you, they don't have any biological explanations.
And that's exactly why they're so clever that they stay at the, this is about mandates.
This is about freedom.
This is about free speech.
This is about no censorship.
This isn't about biology because if it was about biology, they would have won already.
Now I see, how do you define the word endemic?
I define the word endemic as a myth.
The word endemic as a process refers to the idea that a
biological entity which is usually can be boiled down to a sack of RNA with some enzymes and some or some DNA and some enzymes and that sack can go from a mud puddle to being a sack that is found everywhere and that concept is
is a process by which those sacs, you know, you can call them a sac, you can call them a, you know, a lipid particle that has DNA and some enzymes in it or some RNA and some enzymes in it.
And in the best case scenario, it just has RNA and the end protein in it.
That's supposedly what a coronavirus is.
That can go from a single point to being basically found everywhere forever.
And that process of going from one sac with DNA and enzymes, RNA and enzymes, or just RNA and N proteins, to everywhere, forever, is called going endemic.
And the end point of that process is called endemicity.
So this biological concept can be thought of as a process and also an end point.
And that entire thing is a mythology.
It's an enchantment.
It's bullshit.
And it is on that premise that all of the genetic signals, which are measured, which are replicated, which are transfected or transformed into cell culture, into animals, are all derived from the idea that these are signals that are either endemic or could go endemic, depending on whether they have the biological qualities necessary to go endemic.
Some of these signals don't have qualities which allow them to go endemic.
This is all part of this mythology that is just, they don't talk about it all.
If they say there are no viruses, and they don't isolate things, and they don't purify things, and when they say they culture things, they don't really do it.
And so they avoid trying to address what people say and give you an alternative, which is really what's required right now.
If you were going to say that there are no viruses at all, then you need to address what we know and give us an alternative interpretation and an alternative model for it.
And with regard to the pandemic, we are doing exactly that here at GigaOM Biological.
We are taking what you know about the pandemic and giving you an alternative model for understanding it that requires a lot less moving parts,
It requires a lot less malevolence, and it requires a lot less magical biological properties.
In fact, it requires none.
Instead, it requires you to know of the existence of certain biological phenomenon, know of their predictability, and then understand that those could easily be misconstrued as something else.
And endemicity, that concept that everybody accepts, is such a malevolent trap.
Because if you believe in the concept of going endemic, and you believe in the concept of endemicity, then you believe in the idea that AIDS also went endemic.
In fact, you believe that all of these
pathogens were at one time somewhere in one infection and went endemic.
This is a creation myth.
This is an explanatory story that has no basis in biological reality.
only has basis in a molecular biological myth.
It's all based on, especially with regard to all of the modern multi-book virology books.
And so, we are giving you an alternative model where an irreducibly complex background of genetic signals that even after 10 years of metabiota trying as hard as they could to characterize that background, it's still all dark matter to us,
was misconstrued as evidence of a spreading pathogen going endemic.
And all they needed to do was very carefully and cleverly convert a part of that, maybe a recognizably and often present part of that background signal into a viral signal with PCR.
And so I do really think the PCR test, the use of PCR as a diagnostic, and just the absolute acceptance of it by all the humans on earth was one of the central goals of this pandemic.
And so far it has been totally achieved because everyone
All the heroes, from Kevin McKernan to Jessica Rose to Mary Holland to Robert Malone to Meryl Nass to Pierre Cory and Peter McCullough and anybody, Brett Weinstein to Sam Harris to Tony Fauci to none of these people will ever question the PCR testing in 2020, 21, 22, ever, ever, ever again.
And that is by design, that is required.
Otherwise the murder will be revealed.
And that's why they have an anti-vax movement in America that's never going to look back on it.
That's focused on the COVID-19 shots and never going to look back on 2020 and the murder again.
So let me switch over here and give you this again.
Now remember this is the background signal and what I'm suggesting to you and I think Mark is also pretty on board with this and anybody that really understands it.
understands that they would have had to pull this long con off at a very particular time so that there was a biological signal that would coincide with this idea that if nobody was in the hospital, if nobody could die or would die, if there was nobody that would get sick, if there was no reason to do this, it would be a lot harder to pull off.
And I guess that for anybody that's hearing this for the first time, maybe if you're hearing it for the 10th time, that's not a very accurate or nice way of saying it.
But there is, if there was, let's say it that way, if there was a biological signal.
then we all probably agree, no matter if we are far left or far right or far middle or far whatever, we would all agree that our ruling class would take that and take advantage of it.
If there was a huge biological signal that was coming and needed managing, they would have talked about it already for
for 20 years.
And of course, people have been watching this stream already know that what that is, is these large families that came after World War Two.
And then after careful coercion, and, and, and hardcore messaging, they were able to take the population pyramid back.
Now look what this is, right?
The population pyramid should be
There should be more kids here.
How can I do that?
How do I do that?
Like this.
There should be more kids here.
See?
And what they did was they told these people, don't have kids.
And if you're going to have kids, definitely, you know, one's okay.
Just like they told China, one's okay.
Now I'm not saying.
Don't misunderstand me.
I'm not saying that we should have let the exponential population growth that would have normally happened when you just feed animals and let them multiply.
We should have kept that going.
I'm not saying that at all.
All I'm trying to tell you is that the United States and some other Western countries, not all of them,
had developed a health care system that had just enough beds for this many old people.
America is a wonderful example.
If you do any due diligence at all, you can find over history a drastic decrease in the number of beds available in hospitals versus the number of people that were in them.
And we have fine-tuned this to an incredible
degree so that essentially we have our hospitals full all the time now.
And it's not because so much that America needs all those beds and we're sicker than ever, although that's true, it's also because what used to be hospitals with the capacity now became hospitals with minimum capacity by corporate design.
And so, you know, they just keep it right there so that their beds are full.
They don't waste any rent.
They don't need any extra.
And so what that means is, is that the hospitals were not ready for this, this population coming up.
And everybody knew that.
Everybody knew that.
That's not hard to see, especially if you're a corporate person who has spent the last 10 or 12 years trying to optimize the number of beds in your system by reducing the number of beds.
And so this was inevitable.
This problem was inevitable and a reasonable set of solutions could have, you know, come up.
We could have thought about it.
We could have probably dealt with it.
But one of the easiest ways to deal with it was to make sure that that didn't cause a problem by managing those old people.
You know, it's just the sick ones you need to manage.
It's not the ones that are healthy.
It's the ones on Medicare, the ones that have private insurance and are rich.
Sure, take them for all they're worth, but there's a lot of people, you know, should we call them river people or unwashed?
What did Robert Malone call them?
Jungle people that, you know, and they come into the hospitals.
What are we going to do with all them?
Look, this is the graph.
You can watch these bars right here start to expand in a way that they didn't at the beginning of this video.
And that's the point.
It was a steady top of the pyramid until this population gets up there and they saw this coming for decades.
Now, I'm not even at the show yet, so I gotta get going here.
If you let this play, we're making the argument, at least I'm making the argument,
and I don't think anybody's arguing with me, that this was the signal that they had to time this PCR stunt with.
They had to time the theater with.
And that's why Tony Fauci could say with confidence in 2017 that something was going to happen during the Trump administration.
But it's even more, there's even a better reason why Tony Fauci was able to say that this was going to happen during the Trump administration.
It's even more important to realize why it had to happen during the Trump administration.
So again, anticipated rise in all cause mortality.
And again, what I'm suggesting to you is, is that they sculpted this using murder and lies.
You can even see the slight slope here as it goes up.
And you can see that in the grand scheme of things, they didn't have to murder that many people.
They just had to let pneumonia go in the hospitals, but that's not all they did.
They also let opioids go in the street.
And we have included that here for a long time, but I gotta be very honest with you.
And I've tried to be very honest with you all the time.
it didn't make complete sense to me.
Even yesterday, I was still just doing the math in my head because I've been told, and Mark and other people, and I've seen it myself, have shown me data of how many people died of opioids in America.
And it just, and fentanyl, and all of these things are mixed together.
And so I've been trying to do some research and some thinking about the history of this because that's what I think I would tell my readers and my listeners to do.
And so I've tried to put it in better perspective and I'm thinking very specifically about the opioid deaths because
Street opioid deaths versus pill opioid deaths versus, you know, pill overdose versus illegal pill overdoses.
These are all different things in different parts of the narrative and I had them all screwed up in my head.
And maybe you do too.
So I've advocated many times for a timeline, but I've just never really thought about what timeline should we do.
Now, I've done timelines for all these guys in my head and in my notes, and I've added to them constantly.
And Mark's done web pages on a lot of these dudes.
So, you know, there's a lot of information out there, a lot of things we're trying to organize, but I've never thought about the CDC.
Now,
What about the CDC that's so important?
Well, the first and foremost is that the appointment of the director to the CDC basically happened and then it left.
And it's, I think, an interim appointment still, but she's a DARPA lady, and nobody cares about that.
Nobody's talking about that at all.
But actually the CDC had some role in the opioid pandemic.
What we do have evidence for are these plasmids are in there without any question now.
Now we have the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project out there from 2020 talking specifically about the FDA and how the FDA is in the way and that PCR testing is important for overcoming
the pandemic.
And six years later, he's promoting somebody that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
just put on the ACIP, this Retsev Levy, this MIT Israeli guy, as a guy who pointed out that
process one versus process two, but the important thing to catch on here is that process two was always known, he always knew, he always knew they were gonna use process two, all of these people knew they were gonna use recombinant DNA technologies to make the RNA, which would make purifying it impossible.
And he's still not able to say that, which makes it equivalent to anything that was ever used on the academic bench, and so it's the same methodology all day long,
and they keep saying gene therapy to keep trying to make you think that it was new but it wasn't and certainly not an expectation for it to be medical grade was not new and they didn't use medical grade procedures to make it.
And we didn't need to wait until 2025 in June to blow the whistle on this through a paper with a guy on the ACIP of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
unless it's part of a theater.
Now that, at the same time, we have this Brett Weinstein clown with this guy from Scotland, the place where they murdered many, many, many, many, many old people by very, very well-known means.
There's testimony of it.
There's a great substack of it.
And this guy's never said anything about it.
He's Scottish.
And he's more focused on America than he is on Scotland.
What a traitor is this guy?
And he's being promoted by this traitor in America who won't say any of these truths because he can't, he's out there exactly not to understand this stuff.
And so what about the CDC?
What about the CDC's timeline?
Can we do anything with the CDC timeline?
Well, in 2016, the CDC of now Health and Human Services Director Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the CDC in 2016 changed the guidelines for prescribing opioids for chronic pain.
This is after, of course, many years in the 2000s of people apparently overdosing on pills provided by the Purdue Pharma family.
overdosing on overly prescribed opioids.
Even though of course in that 15 years there were lots of people that were doing fine on opioids in the sense of they have chronic pain from a motorcycle accident and it allowed them to work and they hadn't upped their dose and they were fine.
But the CDC put out guidelines that said specifically everybody should be nursed off of them and nursed off of them fast.
and that there was gonna be higher penalties, of course, for selling these pills, and prescribing them would be much, much harder controlled, and so pharmacists would stop doing it, so doctors would stop doing it, and what it did was it took a bunch of people who were doing pretty well using opioids in a responsible way, even, with a doctor's assistance, to cope with something.
We're now suddenly told that, you know, you might need to find another doctor.
Now you might think that this is something that would go into, you know, how could that be?
But it's by design because what comes before the 2016 change is letting opioid prescriptions run wild for about eight or nine years.
Let them run wild for eight or nine years.
Let them become street
currency for a decade.
And then we'll step in.
And all those people will have very few choices.
But one of them would be methadone clinics, where heroin addicts hang out.
Now, if that was so, there might be some unintended consequences that would be reported in the news.
And in 2018, Donald Trump had set a goal for cutting opioid prescriptions by one third over the next three years.
This is 2018.
He has also boasted of stepping up prosecutions of doctors who prescribed them inappropriately and sought tougher sentences for those who sell the drugs illegally.
What an abrupt change.
that would affect a lot of people with medical insurance, well-to-do, middle-aged, young, white people.
And now all those people are on the street in 2018 and 19 once the doctors cut them off, on the street looking for an alternative like weed, like maybe fentanyl.
And so you can go on and look, right?
Because in 2022, the CDC guidelines issued a corrective for it.
The Harvard staff writer said this was a correction for something that had gone wrong.
Well, what went wrong?
Mark has shown you.
Opioids during 2020, 21, 22, 23 record numbers.
And in fact, the ramp up to 2019 was record numbers.
And was that by accident?
Or did they set up a bunch of street people that would then be, how do we say it, pitiless victims during the pandemic?
Because what didn't make sense to me, okay, what didn't make sense to me, oh, I had that in there already, sorry.
I was already thinking that.
What didn't make sense to me was the idea that, okay, they sculpted this using murder and lies, but if they put a bunch of fentanyl and car fentanyl on the street, how would they get it in people?
How would they get all those million, how would they get five, sorry, 500,000 people during the pandemic to die of that?
It can't all be like, you know, putting it on doorknobs and stuff like that, like they show you on X. And of course it's not.
Because before the pandemic, they were already herding these people, these unfortunate victims onto the street, forcing them to find alternatives.
And the most desperate ones would search for the most.
I mean, this is real, in my humble opinion.
These people, our country was set up.
This is around the CDC's change.
This is around the same time, right?
And one year later, Brett Weinstein's gonna have a problem with some students.
And then in 2018, he'll be in front of the Senate whining and telling his stories about how $500,000 settlement wasn't enough.
It's all the same.
We have been totally bamboozled into believing that there were crises that we were being saved from.
These were crises that were being set up to help them have many different knobs to turn when the population pyramid reared its ugly head and they needed to manage it.
Many different knobs were available, not just PCR tests, but also a whole bunch of people on the street
that shouldn't have been on the street, that should have never been on the street in the first place.
Looking for drugs in a street culture that couldn't exist.
Now what I need you to do is start to figure out if you can find out when opioid production might have crashed in Afghanistan.
And think about that having anything to do with, you know,
anything to do with anything.
There's all kinds of things happening here.
I've been aware of bits and pieces of this for a while.
I've had a very loyal viewer by the name of Mr. Diggins, who has regularly alerted me to Sybil Edmond's work, and Sybil Edmond's work on the trafficking of drugs to the street in America is something that
As far as I can tell, dials in exactly with this idea that not only was there a population pyramid problem that needed managing, but remember the population pyramid, if it gets up that high and we have those old people, they don't have to die.
They didn't have to die.
We have the medical technology and the know-how probably to save a larger portion of those people than lived through the pandemic.
I think that that, without a doubt, is true.
The question is, how many of them were just flat out murdered?
And how many places were they murdering people?
Because they weren't murdering people in all places.
Some places just needed the stupid on the internet to combine with the naivety of the local people.
That could have been, for example, largely what happened in the Netherlands, because the Netherlands, the people are so go-along, such a small country like that.
You tell them that there's an emergency, I mean, they'll go home for sure.
I don't know what to say anymore, ladies and gentlemen, but this is damning evidence.
I want to archive as much of it as possible and read as much of it as possible before I report on any more of it.
I'm going to do a brief musical break here, and then I'm going to come back and just do one little quick hit.
1231.
I think I can make it perfect.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you in a minute.
This is not the song, sorry.
Yeah.
I just noticed now that the title's not right.
I apologize for that.
That's again, my production crew.
I guess I don't pay them enough.
Uh, darn it.
That's a pity.
Maybe that's why there aren't so many people watching.
Um, anyway, thanks for being here.
Um, of course, right now it's going to crash out.
They are all scripted bullshitters on Robert Malone's and Kevin McKernan's, uh,
Bullshit scripts.
That's all I can really tell you.
It's been a long, strange trip to get here.
But they are all scripted bullshitters on Robert Malone's and Kevin McKernan's bullshit script.
And that bullshit script, of course, does not include an irreducibly complex background that was misconstrued as spread using bullshit PCR tests.
And it certainly doesn't tell you that there was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality
that they had planned long in advance to use in a variety of ways and in fact manage in a variety of ways that would push a lot of agendas appropriate for the human genome project.
I think that's where we are.
I think you can find your way out if you want to.
This message isn't for everybody but it is for anyone that wants to learn it.
All you got to do is start with the foundation that evolution because DNA is a myth
It is the foundation of Bad Biology 101.
All of this stuff can be unlearned, though, and understanding it as a national security operation from day one, which achieved at least a few objectives, including establishing PCR as a diagnostic standard,
sequencing as a high fidelity measurement, establishing further that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances can be improved, and has now evolved to include transfection as a
endless way that we can just replace the parts.
It's all the same because it all works now.
We've also come to understand that RNA can have military potential because this might have been a military weapon or a vaccine that the Chinese dumped on the floor and here we are now.
We also have come to believe that Trump was shot and the mystery of the lab leak was probably solved.
We now also have come to believe that America's health problems will be complicated to solve, and both sides believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can't possibly do it all himself.
He's going to need help from a lot of people, and at least he's there, and at least we've got him.
And that's really an illusion, right?
I really believe some of these things are just, it's just not possible.
Whatever the story is with Donald Trump's shooting, the kid went to the high school that my kid goes to now.
And it's bullshit that we don't know anything about him.
He lived four blocks from my house.
We don't know anything about how he was recruited or who recruited him on social media or what Discord server he was on.
And that's absurd.
The mystery of solving the novel virus and the Lab League cover-up was the enchantment and it got almost everybody that cares.
This distraction of this chain-swinging monkey guy who's doing push-ups with his shirt off, which of course have nothing to do with his competence as a man or as a potential leader of a bureaucracy like HHS,
I didn't sign a non-disclosure agreement, so I can tell you that whatever he says about writing a book, the number of staff members involved in writing that book suggests to me that there's very little work that's actually done himself.
Solving America's health problems is not on the agenda, ladies and gentlemen.
That guy is a Trojan horse.
They got a lot of nasty people in the United States government in very dangerous positions that could really change the way that America functions in this crucial time.
And the way that you can see the incompetence of the Trump administration is they didn't submit a budget after four years of being able to plan one.
That's really not incompetence.
That is a sign that we are the victim right now of an elaborate illusion that these are, it's a team of performers on a script, there's hundreds of them, and they are on social media right now maintaining the illusion that the Trump administration is playing 5D chess.
and that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is eventually going to do something, and they are all on the same script.
And I'm one of the few people on earth who can tell you that with any level of experience and knowledge and first-hand knowledge.
Like, I know how fat P.R.
Corey used to be, and how many roles he used to have, because when I put my arm around him to take my picture with him in Knoxville, I felt them.
I know what aftershave or whatever cologne Ryan Cole wears because I've shaken his hand and taken a picture with him a couple times.
I know exactly what foodstuff Jay Bhattacharya smells like.
I know exactly how hard Robert Malone can shake a hand.
It's one of the reasons why I don't doubt Robert Malone's farming thing, because his hands felt like a guy who'd held a lot of ropes.
And I don't doubt, maybe he was a horse enthusiast.
I mean, I think usually he liked to be in costume on his horses.
I think, what?
I don't hear it.
Oh.
This elaborate team of performers extends into many domains.
And one of the places that it extends is into physics and AI.
And they're gonna double, triple, quadruple down on AI in the coming years, because the idea is to justify this huge expenditure, both in energy and resources to build the infrastructure that they say AI needs.
And what would the AI need the infrastructure for?
Well, it would need the infrastructure to store the data that the AI is going to work on.
And the way you always have to go back to thinking about AI in a useful way is to remember that AI, or machine learning, which is a more accurate way of speaking about it, machine learning has been applied to
Problems starting at small problems and then iterating up to larger problems.
That's the reason why Twitter started with 140 characters That's the reason why
All of these AIs that are being rolled out seem to get better and better because they're being optimized.
That doesn't make them dangerous.
It just means that their code and whatever is underneath the hood has been optimized a little bit by people.
But the ultimate input to an AI is the training data.
What text is it trained on?
What pictures did it train on?
What data did it train on?
And so when they talk about needing a data center and infrastructure for AI, what they are talking about is they need a place
to store data sets, repeated data sets, like games of chess, or games of Go, or high resolution images of birds, or high resolution recording of birdsong, or human genomes with medical records.
And now once you see that they're going to apply the AI to that problem, you can see why they need so many data centers.
It's not to give the AI more computing power.
It's to give the AI sufficient networking access to usefully access this kind of data sets that they intend to feed into a machine learning algorithm.
And so understand without a doubt, this whole idea and concept has to be iterated on ever larger size scales.
And they're not anywhere near
getting to the stage where they're gonna go base by base and store everybody's full genome sequence in a database and then start feeding that into the AI.
That step may never happen.
Right now, genetic data has to be sorted by useful places, places where they think the low hanging fruit sits.
And they'll sequence all of those things and as many people as they can, and then store that data and feed that in.
This is always going to be about low-hanging fruit.
It's never going to be about a total AI solving of the problem of the genetics and physiology of human beings.
Now, at the same time,
They need you to be afraid of the idea that AI with too much power will be something we have to worry about while this is going on so that if you usefully try, if you try to resist or try to oppose it or try to discuss it, your discussions will be useless.
You are being set up for a limited spectrum of debate because you don't even, the whole idea of what would they use the AI to do
What's the danger of AI?
Is it really gonna fool us into thinking we're dating somebody when we're not?
Is it really gonna fool us into, what is the danger of AI?
And it's nothing.
They don't have a danger for you because there is no danger.
The reason why they want you to be afraid of that is because then you will have no useful resistance to their building of these data centers, the building of this infrastructure, because you think, oh, well, they haven't plugged it in yet.
They don't even know.
I mean, it'll be fine if they... Plugging it in is not going to wake up.
Plugging it in is going to be able to test whether a machine learning algorithm now has the network necessary to access the kind of data that they have amassed since the start of the pandemic.
That data that they have built up a remnant stream so that on a whim, they can say, okay, let's start sampling right now.
That's all in place because the PCR test has been accepted.
And this physics faker, she was probably legitimate at one time, has now been recruited to talk about bird flu and pandemics and biology.
All of her videos suck now.
But most importantly, she has gone from being skeptical of AI and machine learning algorithms to thinking that we are going to invent a new species.
And that is absolutely how malevolent this narrative is.
They need you to be helpless.
And you're not helpless once you realize that all of these narratives are mythologies and that without them, you feel free.
No.
Today I want to tell you about one such thing, which is that free will is an illusion.
Because that's had quite an impact on my life, both bad and good.
And I've begun to think there's a deeper lesson in that, which I hadn't previously appreciated.
So I guess we're supposed to believe that she has decided that Sam Harris is right and there's no free will.
And now she's going to take a walk and tell us why.
Now think about that.
Think about how much you'd have to pay me.
I mean, man, oh man, you'd have to pay me a lot of money.
I would have to see a very large, beautiful farm and be sitting in my bare feet at that beautiful farm before I would ever make a video that said anything remotely close to this absurdity.
It's just remarkable if you think about it.
That's becoming more relevant now that artificial intelligence is approaching human level and might go beyond.
You see the way we learn physics in school, it's about... Wait, so AI is going to be the first being in the universe to have free will?
things, electric circuits, atoms, planets.
We don't think of physics as something that's about us.
But if you study physics, there's a point where I think everyone realizes it's very much about us.
Physics tells us how the universe works fundamentally, what the laws of nature are that everything obeys.
See, that's the way that all of these physicists, after the Manhattan Project fizzled out,
That's what I all thought.
Well, we got to go into biology because that's where the last fundamental laws of the universe will be found.
And physicists, and maybe some chemists, are the only people who could ever do it.
Because they're the ones who have the tools to do it.
The fundamental understanding to do it.
And this person, I don't know what I want to call her anymore.
rather mindless creator on YouTube is now saying that there is no free will, but AI might develop it.
And that includes the stuff that we are made of.
So it includes us.
Humans, ultimately, are big bags of particles.
And we know the equations of those particles obey.
Yes, there are a lot of... See?
So if we had, it's just like that stupid statement where if we just had the notion of where all the particles are in the universe at one given time, then we could just start a simulation that would essentially simulate everything.
Like, it's all stupid.
This is all nonsense.
And to say that biology boils down essentially to the particles is nonsense because what that ultimately seems to claim then is that if you just had all these pure substances on a shelf and you combine them in the right way, they would self-assemble into a human and start playing chess with you.
This is the stupidest shit imaginable.
Why is she doing it?
Because she already is an effective cat herder and she is being paid by the people that are trying to keep this
ridiculous narrative on its rails.
And it's the same ridiculous narrative because it's all based on bad biology 101.
This person is, is telling you that evolution is a physical and chemical process.
That's why there's no free will.
That's the whole basis for it.
That's how stupid this is.
But it's because of social media and the internet's control over what you see that she's able to herd millions of cats
And she's very dangerous because she is scripted.
She's not coming up with this shit on her own because it's too dumb and it's too dead on balls narrative.
So these particles in humans and the result is complicated.
We don't use physics to describe it because that's impractical, but that doesn't change the fact that deep down we're all particles.
And the laws that dictate the behavior of those particles are partly deterministic and partly random.
This means that, to a big extent, what those particles do is a direct consequence of what happened earlier.
That's the deterministic part.
And then there are some quantum jumps on top of this which are unpredictable and uncontrollable.
And then there's a massive gap.
You could call them peasants, or poor people, or they're jungle people coming out of native cultures that haven't had the benefit of a Western education.
Ladies and gentlemen, the internet and social media is a big joke on us.
And anybody that's rising on the internet right now that's not rising by email contact with other people is rising fake, just like Sabine, just like all of them.
This is all fake.
It's a joke on us.
Maha was a joke on the conservative movement in America.
It's a joke on Brian Hooker.
It's a joke on all the real parents of vaccine-damaged kids, quite frankly.
It's a joke on everybody with chronic fatigue syndrome.
It's a joke on everybody with AIDS.
It's a joke on everyone, everyone, everyone.
And if we don't wake up to the fact that this is for all the marbles, it's for the grandchildren of earth, and start teaching our children how this occurred, how central social media was to it, how central the CDC was to it, how central murder was to it,
We will never escape.
Ladies and gentlemen, this was a production of the Independent Bright Web.
Non-specific PCR tests are all they need because RNA cannot pandemic.
And if you're using their PCR tests to find their ghosts, that doesn't make their ghosts real and it doesn't make you a Ghostbuster.
Thanks for being here.
I got to go to the gym and work out.
I got a secret.
I almost don't, I don't want to say it.
I'm not going to say it, but I'm really excited.
The basketball show on JC and the hardwood is going to start really, really soon.
I've decided that I'm going to wait until I make my first 10,000 shots at the gym that I'm going to.
Shout out to 360, shoot 360 Pittsburgh.
It's a great place.
And,
My boys are members and I'm a member, but I'm a free member because I make photographs and videos for the owner of his classes and stuff and that hooks me up.
Which is cool.
I'm really very pleased to have started, I guess... When did I start?
I can show you here actually.
Let's see.
How does this work?
I'm gonna go over here and That's a list that I made the other day that I think is really crazy cool But you know, you can look at it and see if you understand it.
You probably can't uncode that decode that let's see here is How can I do my history?
Oh, yeah the calendar so just show you this calendar thing So
I started oh wow yeah I started already back in this is all for JC on the hardwood right I started back in January that's right so in January
I was already working out.
I had already worked out the details with the owner, but I didn't really get serious in January.
I was, I was, I might've already been making JC on the hardwood and thinking that it was good enough.
But quickly I figured out that it wasn't.
So January, then I got serious in February.
Those are all the days that I actually did an hour long workout with the shooting machine and ran and jumped rope and everything.
So that's February.
That's March.
That's April.
See, I'm not messing around here because I think it's that important.
And also, you know, I was out of shape.
I will admit it.
That's May.
And May was a little weak.
There's a 25, 26 there.
I don't like that's a double day off.
And then June, I think we're doing okay.
Although I did take eight and nine off.
That's right.
Why did I do that?
I can't remember.
But I think on one of those days we went to the
Maybe we didn't.
No, that's right.
We took that off because the boys were gone and there was something else in there.
I can't remember.
Anyway, so June is not that good, but I'm going to pack the rest of the month in.
And so I was going to wait until my 10,000th shot.
And so where am I now?
Just look at the summary.
So, so far I have shot 18,335.
They're almost all jump shots.
And I've made 9,395 of them.
So I'm only shooting 51%.
Most of them are threes.
Or close to high school threes.
I don't know why I'm doing that.
I'm just trying to increase my range.
And be able to make a video from the shooting machine.
And have it, you know.
It's the only angle that really works back there.
It's been a long road, but yesterday, had I been 18 years old and still not able to dunk until yesterday, I would have said that yesterday I did a two-footed, two-handed,
dunk yesterday, but I wasn't very satisfied with it.
And so as a guy who used to be able to dunk quite well, I'm not satisfied with it yet, but I'm getting there after a long, long amount of work.
I'm getting really close to doing it now.
My shot feels better.
I'm a little better in shape, which means I can also talk a little more while I'm doing it.
Oh, it's one o'clock.
I gotta go.
Yes, that's it.
Did I play it out?
Did I play it out already or not?
No, I didn't.
Did I play it out?
I don't even know if I played this music already.
Thank you very much.
I was going to show you that phone.
That's right.
Okay.
Now, shooting and dunking are definitely, it's just, that's the most fun you can have on the basketball court, but I like rebounded.
I like defense too.
I'm like,
I'm like Scottie Pippen.
I really think defense is fun to play.
It's really fun, especially to play defense on people that you're not covering, you know, like sneak around.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
I hope it was an okay show, a little short.
See you again tomorrow.
you